he has confessed
first what I said confessions
here can be recorded they are not recorded I
mean you don't know if he has confessed Because yes
because not Or because maybe if he has confessed
because he said let's see how I get out of this
and it's better to tell the truth
well [ __ ] it's one it's the best if they
made him
confess if they made him confess as soon as
there is a relative or a Spanish lawyer that is
known that is known and what happens if it is
known if they had made him confess well
man that as they have all the evidence let's see maybe they
say that they forced him
to confess okay as long as they have the evidence it's
[ __ ] but I mean I mean if they
forced her to confess and he tells
the family he is
going to confess he is going to have to
prove that they forced him to confess
impossible
if he has marks of blows of torture of
But the thing is that I think that I mean here
when they force you to do something you are the one that
disappears okay Here there are none and with a
foreigner with a foreigner they
have them very very calm I mean a
Thai
can do  whatever they want to a Thai
with a Thai passport and nationality they
do whatever they want but to a
foreigner they don't
have more respect when a
foreigner they have like more they are much
more careful much much more careful but
very very careful In fact it is they
have control 24 hours so that
a Thai doesn't commit suicide, a Thai commits suicide
Well but a foreigner can't commit suicide
because they will say that the police
killed him So when it is a
foreigner And it is something like that I assure you
that they are very careful, very
careful and I already told you
here it is that there is no money involved, there is no
power involved, there is
nothing involved it is something that the
police do not care about,
politics do not care about it I mean it does not matter
to anyone it is really bad
for tourism because damn tomorrow
any kid who tells his
parents Hey I'm going to Copangan because
I want to go to a party is going to say
you are an idiot that they kill people there, I
mean It is not convenient for them that there is a
movement here with this for the Thais and
now it is convenient for them to
find all the evidence so that they can
print it  him or that they are pointing
at him because because what they don't want is for
this to remain up in the air the first thing I
thought I remembered you yesterday I would say
my visit to the sanctuary if I was already
afraid of him it seems to me Fran that he is going to
move us in Spanish let's see in this country if
you don't mess with people that you shouldn't get involved with
and you don't commit any crime let's
see me I could have left
Thailand with all the fuss that there was I have
n't left I
feel safe you
understand what happens is that I had
a life where I we got
into things that were quite sensitive
but but I live here I don't have
any problems I mean I don't have any
problems Maybe tomorrow I'll have a
problem but up until now I don't have
any problem you say I'm going to another
country I feel safe here I feel
good has it happened to you How
crimes happen in Spain in Spain also
happened and these things happen I mean
bodies appear in the canal the
bodies appear in suitcases
bodies appear everywhere that's why I
tell you that this is a little someone has had
help This helps like the stigma
not like the fear of these countries but
of course of course but really  The thing is this is
happening what's happening is that now it's a
foreigner who has killed another person and on
top of that he's the son of such and such an actor
but of course
the one who's supposedly killing is a
Spaniard on top of that I mean it's not like
Thailand is the second Spaniard
accused there's one already
Segarra is convicted but he's the second Spaniard
accused of killing and dismembering another
person I mean he
's the second Spaniard in
six years on television they were saying today they
were making like a kind of
comparison saying before we watched
Spanish football now we see the
dismemberers of Spain I mean
watch
Estela Estela is brutal and of course brutal
Look what the Spanish embassy could be like
right now the
Spanish embassy could be right now it could be
the host the Spanish embassy because it
's a move I mean it's a move But
why Because the embassy will be there the
procedures that they're going to have to do
now are brutal they're
brutal I mean when the whole
issue for example there was a person
called Nuño who was the consul who
[ __ ] worked hard to help us and
Yujin wasn't Spanish his children  They were
Spanish imagine now La Movida that is
going to have a thousand stories a thousand
stories but they make it they make it
easy for them no no yes yes yes yes yes
if it's not for
foreigners I'm telling you foreigners it's
not that difficult I mean for
foreigners
things are not that difficult for us
see I don't know if they consider me a
Thai foreigner or whatever but
for me for example for many things
that you have of this the other one doesn't
make it so difficult for you they don't make it difficult for you at all
Compared to Thais they
can make it very difficult for taxis
but foreigners I tell you they made it difficult I
remember When we were talking
and they didn't cooperate they made it for you no but it's because she's
Thai she was
Thai Well you are you are
Thailand too really But yes but
she was Thai so a
Thai is a Thai a foreigner
is a foreigner I mean you don't want to
have a conflict with another country over a
foreign criminal you know So they
take care of him take
care of the process take care of the evidence with
a Thai well let's go with a Thai they
can do to you well what they did and they
remain so cool and then yuy comes out to
the  6 and a half years and he says Hey we're
sorry eh come in Don't worry you
don't have a criminal record but that's
in Thailand with a Thai with a
foreigner they're not going to do that because it's
a mistake So if they convict him it's because he did it I
mean if they convict him it's because he did it because they will have
all the evidence
because they can't screw up I mean you
can't go and convict a guy because you
know you can't say you have to have
the evidence So now we have to see
if he really confessed on his own initiative we have to see
under what conditions and now we
have to see if if he
really makes
a confession again saying I did it
if now he makes a confession it was
me such and such it's because he wants to
avoid the death penalty
how long can we be talking about
Well in the next few
weeks he's going to have to say something
for example that they put him there until there
are dates
This is going to go to trial quickly This is going to
trial This is going This is going to trial this is not going to
take long because This is going through
criminal matters plus it's a media case plus he
's a foreigner
this is going to trial at any moment
then  then he can appeal but he's going to
go to jail now, I mean, if there's
a confession and
[Music]
it's a blood crime because it's not the
same if it were drugs, if it were animals, if it were
trafficking it's not the same, I mean,
then the laws are very strange okay,
but if it's for blood, he's going to go to
jail, he has it, he has it
being realistic but
apart from that, let's see if he did it,
obviously if he did it, he
deserves a sentence if he did it, he
deserves a sentence obviously, I
'm seeing a lot of people who are like,
poor thing, how bad he's going to have it, I don't know
what. Let's see, yes, it's true that now we'll
move on to that, I mean, but
the person who died is going to have it exactly,
yes, it's true that now we're going to
get into that subject, not the laws of
Thailand, the prisons of Thailand and
so on. But man, we're going to start from the
basis of not killing anyone, you have to
know where you are, that's the same as
when it's that you have to know where you
are and where you live and where you're on
vacation or where you are. That's why
a lot of people when they come and say, Oh, here
in Thailand you can be careful, be
careful because
because  Yes, you can do everything you
want,
but don't cross the line. Because the
moment you cross the line, they'll come after
you with everything they have. I mean, on
top of that, a foreigner is
exemplary. I mean, he's
totally exemplary. It's to say, hey, Thais
don't do this, this is done by those who
come from outside.
That's the story. So the same thing that
he got caught with, he said, no, I didn't, that in the end they
caught him with everything, with everything and for
continuing to say that he didn't, no, the
death penalty. And then
this. How was it? They also found the
remains and exactly the same thing. They
were friends. They were
seen entering the house together.
Bernal was never seen leaving the
house again.
He went in and out with bags. Those
bags were found in the canal. Then it was
seen that after two days he tried to
withdraw money from an ATM. He took money from
an ATM. In the end,
biological remains were found in the house.
He always said no, but it was clear
that he went out with bags, [ __ ], he went out with
bags that were the bags that were
found in the canal
and he had bought Sierra, he had bought
a radial saw, okay, he had bought bags, he had bought some
rags, he had
bought  so of course they had everything
everything
condemned me who today I am
eager to know
not out of morbid curiosity but out of trying to find out
what he thinks is going on in your head what is
going on in your head but of course It's that
nowadays we also live in an
age where if we buy something it's
registered we're walking down the street and
there along the way 8000 cameras on this
road at this traffic light or rather
located phone is located we
were talking when we did
the special here this Marta del Castillo
that we were talking in 2008 all
the signs wherever you
move the phone is recording it
What are you doing I mean it's that it
was this kid it's that he
suddenly lost his mind he got scared he got
scared he didn't think he
suddenly thought [ __ ] I'm getting rid of
this he's taken drugs I mean a kid a
kid what
is this kid what is he Ken from
Barbie I mean he's the guy is the kid
Perfect it's I don't know what he's like now in
Barrio A maybe now he's
anything but who was the
handsome one the strong one this one is a guy  He's a
guy who has companies that are doing well
that are doing well on YouTube that he's a cook
that is handsome that has a family I
mean you can't leave like that it must
be drugs it must be that his
head has been read it must be something that he does
n't have that if it was him there's no
forgiveness I mean yes it was me it does
n't concern me at all justice can do
what it wants let's say that happens to me and
not going to jail let's say if it happens
to a relative but something
very strange must have happened to him very strange for
this kid I
mean it's that I'm going to say something
stupid that they're going to denounce me but
because of this kid you become a [ __ ] I mean he's
a very handsome guy
but yeah yeah eh me too
handsome it's what you say I mean
from a well-off family very handsome
I imagine he's
going
[Music]
has overwhelmed you or the other one already had it it's
true that the other one already had it in the
case always supposedly that it was
him that I repeat and we are still with
the information very fresh coming out okay
But
this now lately no that has been commented
that the other had him like passionate
and threatened him all day not that it is
an argument that they have
already reached a
tremendous extreme and he has thrown a
couple of punches and maybe as The
kid is strong he hit him The
bad blow because an adult fight I am
like very found violence always
and these things for that same reason because
many times maybe it is not like
when we fought as kids with
one with the other you throw a bad blow and you
can kill someone
people are not aware of the
evening and they think that these that the
syringes these that hit No I mean a
fight in the street those of us who have
gone to the street you have gone to the street a
fight in the street the second hit you
are on the ground I mean I am always
very afraid of a fight but very very
young you endure a hit or two at
most they can do a lot of damage to you because it is
not not the fact that they hit you the
hit it is that it is when you fall So
the thing with this guy that at  They better
fought than maybe he hit him the
problem here is what comes after you
have desecrated a dead body and that,
those are aggravating factors that that has to
be that he put himself if it was like
that if it was him it must be that he
got nervous that at first he
said I'm in Thailand This can't
be they're not going to understand me they're not going to
explain me I'm going to, I'm going to try to get
everything out of the way and then well, he
realized the patch that within
Thai law are
brutal aggravating factors In other words, it's not homicide anymore it
's not murder it's not there anymore it's
premeditation
trying to hide evidence trying to
hide the body dismantle it
hindering police work
desecration of a dead body I mean, he has it
all he has it all let's
talk
being realistic okay Fran because I'm
seeing like there are a lot of people both
in the media and on the networks no but
now they're bringing him to Spain I don't know what I don't
know how much in the first place the issue of
bringing him to Spain
because he's Spanish
and the victim is Colombian they bring him
to Spain no It's not the same  that he
grabs look there they put it there you are
seeing it Segarra, they sentenced him to
death
after the death penalty he had to
write a letter to the king of clemency
so that he would take it away so that he would commute the
death penalty and give him a
life sentence and with the life sentence he has
to spend a minimum of eight years in jail so that they can extradite him to Spain, I mean what people don't understand I freak out with many journalists is that the crime was committed in
Thailand so how are they going to
extradite you to be tried in Spain
or how are they going to extradite you after they
condemn you for the Irish fin I
mean in what head does it fit In what head does it
fit I mean if they catch you in Spain with
a gram of cocaine okay at the police station
the policeman says come on kid move away
how about if they catch you in Thailand with a
gram of cocaine it's 15 years in jail and
unavoidable
so of course when the journalists I
was listening they said no
because extradition by traditions it
can be done but after a few years  which
will be in this case if it is a life sentence it
is eight years
the eight years if he is convicted he
will be sentenced to life imprisonment
minimum and if not he will be sentenced to
death if he is convicted eight years he
will have to spend in jail here and
then I have done as a Spanish prison will do to you He will
spend a Spanish prison they will be
extradited and such and such
but no
no
mother and this that it says here says if the
deceased were a Thai citizen
but since he is Colombian everything
would change no the crime was committed in
Thailand or so it does not matter let's see let's see It is that
you cannot it is that it is let's
see it is a little bit of understanding
things You cannot I do not know rape a
girl in Spain
being Thai and and that they condemn you in
Thailand or in other words they will condemn you in
Spain then you will have to serve a
part of your sentence in Spain and then they
can extradite you to your country but
obviously the sentence is where you
commit the crime the sentence is where you
commit the crime
so it does not matter if you are Thai or
Spanish or Russian say it does not matter
the Colombian justice wants to
bring you to justice Well I do not know
how that will be but  whatever they sentence him to
here he's going to have to spend some time in
the Irish jail, it could be six years,
eight or ten, but it's going to take a
while. Surely, sure, if he's convicted, if he
's convicted, those are agreements, right? I mean,
if they sentence him first and then once
extradition is requested, this one and they
accept the traditions, then an agreement is
made. No, well, look, at least
here the minimum is eight years with the
condition.
Maybe it's one year, I don't know, but
Segarra, who is sentenced to life
imprisonment, is going to have to spend eight
years in the Irish jail and then
be extradited to Spain, oh my God,
then the case is exactly the same,
the case is exactly the same, it's a guy who
kills another guy, the Spaniard killed a
Spaniard because Segarra killed Bernat, who was
both Spaniards, here he is a Spaniard,
theoretically he killed a Colombian and it doesn't matter if he was
Colombian or
American, that is to say, it was in
Thai territory, that is to say,
the crime was committed here, it can't be
judged or judged to send him somewhere
else
because then people would do this here, they would
come to  Thailand would kill his cousin he would
go partying
in the street that's why what I was telling you
if he had it planned which I do
n't think he did I think what he did came up
there and he messed things up while he was there but
of course then if you had it
planned no you wouldn't go to Thailand
to meet him there and do it there I
think that if it was him
something happened And from there it was a series
of totally
erroneous decisions that led to this but I
don't think it was planned and if it was
planned you organize it better or we're going to a
much better
tourist country you take him to a place where I do
n't know you go to Madagascar or you go to the
middle of Africa and you take him in a
Jeep you understand and let the lions eat him I
mean if you had it planned
Hey let's go to a Safari Africa a
paw on the Jeep's ass hits you and there the lion caught you
damn it a lion ate him But the thing is that
I think that here it has been a series
of things that have come together and in the
end it has been ha  been like that If it
was him, it's still going to be
a few days but in a few days it will be
perfectly known what happened and that's it
And
what do you want me to tell you this is not
that you hit a guy with a car
and you killed him accidentally or that no, it
really was him
or rather the worst thing is the worst thing is the aftermath the
worst thing is the decision you make to
cut up a body throw it in the [ __ ]
trash What would have happened Fran For
example if
we imagine almost an accident the two of you
shaken and Hey look he fell and
hit himself and you call the
authorities explain it does he have a chance
of them understanding it
Yes, I mean here for homicide a
homicide you can get eight years in
prison
and there and there yes there are pardons there yes you can
go to the royal pardons there are
pardons that are given every year for the
king's birthday, for
the queen's birthday for this and that And there it
can be done so there
in a homicide let's say
involuntary whatever you want to call it I don't know
what those things are called but a
homicide you kill without cruelty without
premeditation or  be it a fight you're in
a bar you fight with someone you
punch them and you've killed them okay you can
get eight years in prison ten years in
prison it's difficult to get 15 you could have
10 years of cancer that is to say
at 6 years you are on the street
or in other words there It also happens like in Spain they
sentence you to 8 and you serve four for
crimes of that type yes it can happen and in
crimes of robbery in crimes of such in
drug crimes there are none I mean there are no
pardons but in crimes of and in crimes
of human trafficking there are not those
pardons either but there are many pardons that
all prisoners receive annually of
Maybe they reduce you two months six months
a year
good behavior there is there the same
okay What happens is that you have to be
with some sentences for
crimes but the thing is that this the drug crimes
are worse than that of that the blood
because and the political corruption is
much worse than that of the drugs I mean there
are people who have a thousand or so years in
prison and they will never get out of jail
politicians
for example because because they have
taken public money because they have taken
advantage because  they have taken advantage of, I
mean, things that in Spain, things that in
Spanish are everyday life and that are laughed at.
Here they go to jail,
no, then, at the time of doing it, that's why there are
very few people who want to be
politicians and there are so many coups d'état and
the military have the power every so often and
the drug issue why because they have
more convictions it has been
changing now for example
marijuana is It is, I mean, people
can smoke joints you understand it has been
legalized to avoid a lot of
problems in the street this and that
but the drug issue is a very
old law we have been adapting and now they
are trying to make adaptations
because the drug was from zero from
zero to 10 grams it was a sentence that's why
when they sentenced yuyier to
0.005
and the sentence and the Bach that she was wearing
was for 5 milligrams of cocaine
which was equivalent to 35 cents of a euro, that
is, you could be sentenced for what and that
has changed now
that has changed now so
things are changing because they were real laws
that were there for a long time and
now well they are adapting to  the
times but I tell you one thing,
the justice of Thailand is like that of
Spain, like that of any place, it has
its justice and we have to abide by it.